We have plotted the above heatmaps to analyse the contract status which is available in previous data against important categorical variables, following are the inferences

1.A male client whose contract status is Refused is more likely to default.
2.In general clients whose contract status is refused is more likely to default.
3.Clients who are on maternity leave are more likely to default irrespective of Contract status
4.Unemployed clients whose contract status is refused or cancelled are more likely to default.
5.Clients who have an academic degree whose contract status is unused offer are more likely to default.
6.Clients whose contract status is Refused are more liekly to default irrespective of family status, except widows.
7.Clients who are staying with parents whose contract status is refused are more likely to default.
8.New clients having contract status 'Cancelled' are more likely to default.
9.Clients who have high interest rate for their loans and having contract status 'Unused offer' are more likely to default.
10.The clients with 6 children and unused offer are most likely to default, as we saw before the clients with 9 or 11 children have the highest default rate.
11.Clients who have more number of children are more likely to default irespective of contract status.
12.Clients who are Realty agents and accompanied by a group of people while applying for the loan are most likely to default.


Conclusions:
Clients to avoid:
1. In general clients who are on maternity leave are more likely to default.
2. In general clients who are unemployed are more likely to default.
3. In general clients who have relatively more number of children are more likely to default.
4. Unemployed Male clients who have opted for Cash loans/ having relatively more number of children are more likely to default.
5. Clients who have lower-secondary education/ living in a rented apartment/ with parents are more likely to default.
6. Male Clients who are relatively younger / low-skilled labourers / having more number of family members are more likely to default.

Clients to look for:
1. Clients who have opted for Revolving loans are less likely to default.
2. Clients with contract status 'Approved' are less likely to default irrespective of other variables.
3. Clients who are businessmen or students are less likely to default.
4. Clients with an academic degree are less likely to default.
5. Clients living in an office apartment are less likely to default.